TODO.md, before:

# TODO

- [ ] reference summaries
  - write (maybe with AI) summary of external references, which will be
- [ ] reference Notes
  - IDEA: every time you reference something, can add a note that that reference "edge". then all of these references can be aggregated and associated with that reference in the ReferenceGraphPage
- [ ] sort posts in index by pubDate
- [ ] references graph
  - [ ] render in a more cool way
  - [x] generate it
  - [x] render it somewhere (should be a page)
- [ ] deal with problem where a link can be really long single word (when its a URL)
  - probably need to detect when a URL has no spaces in its name, and then to put a CSS class on it that styles it to word-break
- [ ] make sure math rendering still works
- [ ] make sure links to local sections works
- [ ] every post should have a thumbnail (can generate via ai)
  - wide aspect ratio
- [ ] links to local posts using `[[NAME]]` syntax
- [ ] store the raw markdown version of each post somewhere (safe url, but with .md instead of .html)
- [ ] BUG: for _only_ deepest node in table of contents tree, there's no paragraph wrapped around the link??
  - does this still happen?
- [ ] max height for code block (and perhaps other kinds of blocks as well)
- [ ] css for making the heading of a section stay at the top of the section when you're scrolling
  - turns out this is harder than i thoguht

- [x] markdown and transformations for Post abstract
- [x] About page
- [x] Profiles page
- [x] Footer
  - just copy Header for now
- [x] reimplement transformations
- [x] reimplement doing the icons for URL
- [x] stylize with just black, white, and **one** accent color
  - [x] can do dark mode by just reversing use of black/white -- this is the way
  - [x] use some SVG filters to do cool visual effects for logos and titles and such
    - VETO: find another place to do cool SVG filters
    - [x] perhaps can combine with images or something for thumbnails
  - [x] do some cool distorted background that does the parallax when you scroll via javascript (turns) out CSS just can't do this quite well
    - actually, using JS is fine
- [x] fix when sometimes downloads a bad file for the icon
  - [ ] sometimes gets an empty file
- [x] for posts, instead of post title as the resource title that goes in the Top, put a hash of the content, since that looks more cool
- [x] make sure that math and other plugins are being activated
- [x] Tags page
  - [x] table on contents
- [x] PostPreview (e.g. for use in Index and Tags pages)
- [x] Index page
- [x] Header

Commit message:

fix rendering of PostNameCard that don't have image (yet)

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

- [ ] reference summaries
  - write (maybe with AI) summary of external references, which will be
- [ ] reference Notes
  - IDEA: every time you reference something, can add a note that that reference "edge". then all of these references can be aggregated and associated with that reference in the ReferenceGraphPage
- [ ] sort posts in index by pubDate
- [ ] references graph
  - [ ] render in a more cool way
  - [x] generate it
  - [x] render it somewhere (should be a page)
- [ ] deal with problem where a link can be really long single word (when its a URL)
  - probably need to detect when a URL has no spaces in its name, and then to put a CSS class on it that styles it to word-break
- [ ] make sure math rendering still works
- [ ] make sure links to local sections works
- [ ] every post should have a thumbnail (can generate via ai)
  - wide aspect ratio
- [ ] links to local posts using `[[NAME]]` syntax
- [ ] store the raw markdown version of each post somewhere (safe url, but with .md instead of .html)
- [ ] BUG: for _only_ deepest node in table of contents tree, there's no paragraph wrapped around the link??
  - does this still happen?
- [ ] max height for code block (and perhaps other kinds of blocks as well)
- [ ] css for making the heading of a section stay at the top of the section when you're scrolling
  - turns out this is harder than i thoguht

- [x] fix rendering of PostNameCard that don't have image (yet)
- [x] markdown and transformations for Post abstract
- [x] About page
- [x] Profiles page
- [x] Footer
  - just copy Header for now
- [x] reimplement transformations
- [x] reimplement doing the icons for URL
- [x] stylize with just black, white, and **one** accent color
  - [x] can do dark mode by just reversing use of black/white -- this is the way
  - [x] use some SVG filters to do cool visual effects for logos and titles and such
    - VETO: find another place to do cool SVG filters
    - [x] perhaps can combine with images or something for thumbnails
  - [x] do some cool distorted background that does the parallax when you scroll via javascript (turns) out CSS just can't do this quite well
    - actually, using JS is fine
- [x] fix when sometimes downloads a bad file for the icon
  - [ ] sometimes gets an empty file
- [x] for posts, instead of post title as the resource title that goes in the Top, put a hash of the content, since that looks more cool
- [x] make sure that math and other plugins are being activated
- [x] Tags page
  - [x] table on contents
- [x] PostPreview (e.g. for use in Index and Tags pages)
- [x] Index page
- [x] Header
